TODO YOUTUBERS
---------------
high boi

https://youtu.be/68YuU2tStoU flat earth
https://youtu.be/OyDyOweu-PA polish cow
https://youtu.be/upCemv2UaLc when linux met unixporn
https://youtu.be/WRGROMvU7nc when linux met windows 10

General Sam

https://youtu.be/npDHj8wmWNs chadbots (I)
https://youtu.be/W1ilr6jCA24 chadbots (II)

Internet Historian

He Will Not Divide Us
https://youtu.be/_p4h3jwJob0 triggering of shia (I)
https://youtu.be/vw9zyxm860Q capture the flag (III)
https://youtu.be/3aZuj_SDqDo liverpool's closed (IV)
https://youtu.be/O_ldHq3NzC0 the walking divided (VI)

https://youtu.be/xsqjbJ6hamc planking
https://youtu.be/muoR8Td44UE bikelock fugitive of berkeley
https://youtu.be/fp2EZbbuMa0 pool's closed
https://youtu.be/xtsQwicbsy4 downfall of tony the tiger
https://youtu.be/2iBDm3dgzlQ bald for bieber
https://youtu.be/SvjwXhCNZcU the tumblr-4chan wars
https://youtu.be/9NKG9lR34dM dub the dew
https://youtu.be/BSuAgw8Lc1Y greentext short
https://youtu.be/MQEEJ57Gsow the great iphone massacre
https://youtu.be/1ZgxeX2dCnQ the failure of dashcon
https://youtu.be/GmULc5VANsw the failure of rainfurrest
https://youtu.be/vvXRcwcIJh4 leeroy jenkins
https://youtu.be/nzFykQv6Q08 9gag's meme rock
https://youtu.be/HsLup7yy-6I tay-ai
https://youtu.be/vZlmUG00OrI brad's wife
https://youtu.be/ROaj3bCpZEM very serious business
https://youtu.be/kjyeCdd-dl8 the fall of 76
https://youtu.be/9XN57BhyZwk the instagrabbing of /r/dankmemes
https://youtu.be/YcuofODMCMU the curse of the olympic flame
https://youtu.be/Y7nymZEXjf8 the story of kony2012
https://youtu.be/HiTqIyx6tBU any poll's goal
https://youtu.be/-wmfpoq_Y0E friendship ended
https://youtu.be/UBPg5ftCMv8 the failure of fyre festival
https://youtu.be/QWhUvm8SunY balloon boy
https://youtu.be/2rRIqrWuYy4 tales from thevarus
https://youtu.be/b_yCj6fXtlA the cnn skirmishes
https://youtu.be/h-StyszRCzc the y2k apocalypse

Long
https://youtu.be/vrGf4nJWVOU the gentleman pirate

SsethTzeentach
--------------
https://youtu.be/nU0vgZOSC4U the strange case of dr.jafari
https://youtu.be/wXo24imR_54 kenshi
https://youtu.be/URJ_qSXruW0 space station 13
https://youtu.be/cE4txj_8tqA crusader kings 2.0
https://youtu.be/sh2U1TOOynQ anime dakimakura
https://youtu.be/pjTZoKj3gEE sseth origin story
https://youtu.be/gEJHrmliVQw farming simulator
